what is up guys Brian here with a quick
little awesome video I should be pink
beam as you can tell I apologize for the
lack of videos lately at super busy I'm
taking a winter course for those of you
that didn't know as well as applying for
internships over the summer at various
places I've done this before probably
but it's like actually happening now
it's kind of crazy actually two I would
get some applications in before the new
year but I don't think it's gonna happen
close though but anyways we'd find for
that is he busy busy I've been trying
out some new exp methods anyone seen
anything on that I'm gonna go into too
much detail I'll leave my pet eclipse on
um
I got a new headset for Christmas and
they want five Jason Christmas now he's
been that long um so yeah the lie except
for the different I've tested it several
times and I think the noise cancelling
with the microphone works i talked to
quietly then he like doesn't record it
at all and that was the person to do
though well several defeat Ozai tried
recording for you guys how that happened
hmm and i couldn't post those videos
because it was me just randomly stopping
whoops jewish out of my clips i like to
do this fast so this takes about a
minute which is awesome with the video
spawn and the
I go up here so yeah I got a 1.7 range
with the 385 boss so I'll use your
you're bossing video you've been wanting
excuse me I've been coughing for like
three weeks now haven't stopped it's
really annoying so I hope you guys got
we want Christmas got something nice get
good holidays yeah I made a zero action
just got it to aid the 180 about an hour
ago yeah that was kind of fun class
letter like ease yeah I I don't know how
videos are gonna be going from now on
how often um I'm trying but know who my
best I have no set schedule I'm not
going to try and pretend to 31 but this
one week you're miss a day or something
but he will see if I can do this before
ed ours nope not gonna make it yes ok
here we go so that's a lot of fun things
like what five six hits and I'm capping
empty ham don't know if I did now what
sometimes ladies above sound camping so
that's that's I you do pink beam as a
marksman was red reveal these for fun
and
big doesn't chop recipes anymore I don't
know if anyone's noticed that it
actually only drops where is it better
have it it drops timeless reverse beauty
first black beauty which is the timeless
crossbow speak that's it it's really
weird but anyways apologize for the
different sounding voice I think it's
more clear now which I guess is good but
I don't know who want to listen to my
voice all right so uh yeah I've been
training a little bit you can see i'll
be 221 soonish run away a little bit
faster well i didn't find it i've just
know how to use it now so anyways this
video there's bossing there's talking i
think i covered everything there i will
see you guys next time a scrappy heaven
yeah